[Messenger] Allow to skip message in `FailedMessagesRetryCommand` (#57270)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Messenger/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.2
---

> * Add `skip` option to `messenger:failed:retry` command to neither ack nor reject message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `skip` option to `messenger:failed:retry` command when run interactively to skip message and requeue it
```

wdyt?

Author: Sure !

> * Add `skip` option to `messenger:failed:retry` command when run interactively to skip message and requeue it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Add `skip` option to `messenger:failed:retry` when running interactively to skip message and requeue it
```

Author: There will be no change in display but for some transport (like doctrine) the created_at will actually be updated.
Before retry :
![image](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/assets/10022399/e9dae67a-41ae-49b8-999f-bd6d4d2b862d)
After retry :
![image](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/assets/10022399/096f198f-cb5e-4644-8100-3ce371684f7d)

I've tried to just ignore the message and go to the next one but for the DoctrineTransport the same message will be prompt immediately since message are retrieved one by one :
```php
if ($receiver instanceof ListableReceiverInterface) {
            // for listable receivers, find the messages one-by-one
            // this avoids using get(), which for some less-robust
            // transports (like Doctrine), will cause the message
            // to be temporarily "acked", even if the user aborts
            // handling the message
}
